Added a link to nimcrypto (#11)
status-im/nim-keccak-tiny: README.md

A wrapper for the keccak-tiny C library

> **Warning!** We recommend using [nimcrypto](https://github.com/cheatfate/nimcrypto) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning!** A native Nim implementation of SHA3 and Keccak is now available in the [nimcrypto](https://github.com/cheatfate/nimcrypto) library. We recommend using it.
```
